what I love about photography is the
ability to capture a particular moment
in time you know in nature particularly
since I'm a landscape photographer and
the thing about nature and the landscape
is that moments are very fleeting and
what most people don't really tend to
look around them when they're out and
about in the world and being able to
capture a particular moment particularly
stunning moment allows you to show that
and share it with other people the whole
idea about photography is that you're
supposed to get sort of an emotive
response from the viewer and being able
to capture that particular scene where
people maybe didn't even notice that the
you know might be running from their
eyes but they never saw it and being
able to capture that and share it with
somebody and get that reaction from them
that I felt while I was standing there
taking the photograph that gives a
particular satisfaction I love
photographing the landscape you know I
particularly seascapes would be the
thing that sort of get my juices flowing
and the things that within any landscape
is seascape or landscape that draws my
eye particularly is the sky you know
you'll find with a lot of my photographs
that they're very heavily in sort of
focused in terms of the composition on
the sky the horizon
and it's because the detail in the
clouds that happens in the clouds the
way that the Sun and the people life the
color of the light reflects off them
which is completely instantaneous and
never repeats and so though the
combination of the sky and the way it
relates to the landscape recedes gate
below
in 2007 I won the IP PA which is the
Irish professional photographers
Association landscape photographer of
the Year award in both the single image
in the portfolio categories I've placed
highly in several of the larger
international competitions such as the
International aperture Awards in the
Masters of color photography Awards in
terms of equipment that people should
bring or people you know would need to
use on the course and you need a camera
that will have that has manual controls
a tripod is something that I recommend
very strongly for landscape photography
and it's very very important tool for
both technical quality of the images as
well as compositional and having a
tripod of your own means you get more
comfortable with your tripod my teaching
style is one that really focuses on the
individual student to make sure that
they are getting what they want to get
from the workshop that they're learning
what it is they came here to learn I
will be there sort of standing beside
them and you know kind of interactively
working with them as they're taking
their shots and give people sort of a an
overview of the areas they need to work
on and send them home and they get to
then practice for the next couple of
weeks and really build on what they've
learned
you